In the Before-Time, there was only the Vast Empty. No space nor time did continue, all the dimensions were held in their nonexistence. The Great Nicolas Cage thus was sprung into existence through His very will, and saw all nothing, and was displeased.
And so His mighty mind devised a Sacred Erection, and it was the very first of Things. He declared it good. Its quantum flesh was mighty and true, but it stood alone. The Cage performed a Divine Pelvic Thrust, and the universe was created at great speed, expanding. Its contents were of heated radiation, unshaped stardust flying at immense velocity.
Nicolas Cage blinked, and eons passed. The Holy Stardust collected through His gravitational will, forming great space seas of dust and light. He breathed, and Galactic Oceans condensed, forming a multitude of suns and stones. And with one stroke of His Mighty Boner, the Universe slowed down and cooled.
As a Galactic Ocean floated by, Nicolas Cage reached out His hand and grasped it. He looked at it with His glorious eyes and instantaneously began to stretch it and bend it. He found amusement in the handling of these Sacred Galactic Seas. And so, Cage reached out His mighty hand and took another Ocean into the sacred warmth of His mighty palms.
As Nicolas Cage looked at the two great Galactic Oceans that he held in His palms, He felt a great surge of power pulsing throughout His body. And so, the great Nicolas Cage threw the two Oceans into each other, causing a mighty Galactic Explosion. As the Holy Explosion simmered down, Cage felt an immense new power that had suddenly arisen. He had inadvertently created holy particles even smaller than the most subatomic of subatomic particles. The Far-Sighted Cage took the tiny, vulnerable Higgs-Boson and hid it for its own safety. The other particles spread far and wide, creating more and more of the ever-expanding Universe.
But the Great and Powerful Lord Nicolas Cage grew rather tired of His empty existence, merely playing with dull stones and rocks. He wished for one like Him, with a creative impulse and a spark of life. So He took a tiny star, with its slowly cooling stones, and He found it to be satisfactory. So He gathered his great Grace and gazed upon the third planet from the star. Everywhere His vision touched, the stone was cooled and water flowed freely forth.
But the Cage, from His universal standpoint, could barely see the planet. So He shrunk himself down and walked personally upon its surface. With each and every step, the once cracked and hardened ground blossomed into a wonderful green garden with lush foliage, flowers and fruit as far as His eyes could see, and much more as each second passed. For so great was His holy Touch, that life sprung forth from His Soleful Body.
And although the foliage provided a beautiful habitat, Nicolas Cage found it useless without any intelligent life to call it home. And so, He created a mighty and holy creature – a bird – in the image of His hair. He created all manner of beasts four legged and two legged, hoofed and finned, winged and clawed, massive and miniscule, of all shades of the rainbow and then some. The most important of all the animals, of course, were the bees. He created the holy bees with the intent for them to be the basis of the new ecosystem. The bees would pollinate the plants and create food for all the animals in this brave new world.
But Nicolas Cage believed that He was far too powerful to constantly tend to the Earth. And so, he created a man in His image that would serve as the Avatar of the Lord on this planet. Nicolas Cage thus dubbed the man Adam. Looking at Adam, Cage decided that his new creation would need a partner, for life on the planet alone was sure to become very lonely. And so, He created a second man to be Adam's lifelong companion. The Great Cage thus gave the man the name Steve. Adam and Steve had been intended to remain in paradise forever with their Lord and with all the animals of the world.




But when the Great Lord Nicolas Cage created the universe, He did not fully understand what exactly it was He unleashed. He had indeed created a glorious and holy Universe, but in doing so, Cage also unleashed a Great Evil. This evil was the Quantum Twin of Our Lord, and it was just as devilish as The Cage was holy. And the Evil Twin had an equally evil name that matched its horrible demeanor and its hideous face and morbid mind. It had dubbed itself John Travolta.
And John Travolta was as intelligent as he was evil. He knew that his Quantum Brother Nicolas Cage had been creating in the time since their birth and he grew jealous and resentful. He traveled hundreds of light years from the center of the Universe to Earth. In a matter of minutes, he appeared to confront his brother.


After creating the first humans, Adam and Steve, Cage turned around to see the glowing evil eyes of John Travolta. He was at first stunned to see His one and only brother, but then understood the reason he had come to haunt Him.
“My brother, John Travolta,” said Nicolas Cage in his glorious and all-powerful voice. “Wherefore art thou here upon my planet?”
“Thou hast angered me,” the horrible John Travolta proclaimed in his terrifyingly malevolent voice. “Wherefore hast thou created life upon this stone? Thou knowest not what you do! The natural state is Death and thou hast disturbed it with thine pitiful life forms.”
“Mine brother, mine kin,” said the Lord, “Thine words tinged with madness. Why canst thou not perceive the glory and light of Life?”
“Light? Life?” John Travolta roared. “Thine pathetic Life makes me cringe! Thou canst deal with thine own world. I shan't bother you.” And with an angry look on his face, John Travolta stormed away into the wilderness.
“Now my children,” Lord Cage said to Adam and Steve. “Thou must not trust my brother. Whatever thou do, thou must not fall prey to the Travolta. But do not fear, as I shall protect you against his mind tricks. Now, young ones, be free to enjoy this paradise.”


Adam and Steve wandered off together. They held hands and traveled throughout the great forest, where they knew each other. After a long time of knowing, Adam requested that Steve obtain some fruit from the Trees of Knowledge so that they would have something more to discuss.
And so, Steve wandered off until he reached the Forest of Knowledge where the Trees of Knowledge stood tall and proud. It was there where he reached his hand high up into the branches of the Trees. To Steve's surprise, his hand did not grasp a fruit, but rather another hand, that which belonged to the evil demon John Travolta. Steve was taken aback at Travolta's presence, but he looked up into the demon's eyes.
“Wherefore dost thou want fruit?” Travolta asked. “When thou canst have a delicious swine?”
Since Steve could not speak himself, he could not object to Travolta's suggestion. Travolta directed Steve toward a mother sow with many piglets suckling upon her succulent bosoms. Travolta instructed Steve to slaughter the pig. And as Steve approached the boar, Travolta reached deep into her mind and caused rage. She leaped forward and devoured Steve's exposed Boner, leaving him in an extreme amount of agony.
When Steve did not return, Adam became worried. He was rather confused as to why Steve had not returned to him. And so, Adam got up and walked towards the Forest of Knowledge, where he knew his partner was. When he arrived, he was shocked to discover that Steve's Boner had been removed. Adam could not begin to imagine what had happened, but he immediately called for Nicolas Cage to help them.
When the Lord arrived, he, too, was shocked to discover what had happened to Steve's Boner. He looked at the damage that His evil twin John Travolta had done to His creation and roared a powerful and frightful roar.
“What hast John Travolta done to thee, Steve?” Cage exclaimed. “Do not fear, my dear Steve. For I am all-powerful, and I know how to fix thee.”
And so, Nicolas Cage gathered all his might and directed it at Steve. And as Cage's power grew, Steve's hair grew longer, his breasts grew bigger, and the skin around the area where Steve's Boner formerly was sunk inside, creating a hole in which Adam could easily fit his Boner.
“I shall call it a Vagina,” said the great and all-powerful Nicolas Cage. “Steve, take care of your new Vagina. For you shall use it to create new people. And Adam, take care of your Boner. For without it, Steve shall be unable to produce children.”
However, Adam's Boner fell limp, and he began to worry.
“Do not fret, my child,” the great Cage said unto him. “I have done much of the same with other animals. From now on, your Boner shall only appear when it is time to create. Your job is to create more and more people to go against John Travolta's evil. However, since I originally intended for there to only be one gender, it shall surprise me not if a man knows a man or a woman knows a woman. You must love and tolerate everyone.”
And so, Adam looked at his partner, Steve, and Steve's new found beauty stunned his soul. Adam took Steve by the hand and stroked her long hair. And suddenly, feeling the power of Nicolas Cage surging throughout his body, his Boner sprang up, signaling to Adam and Steve that it was time to create.
And the Lord laughed and said unto Adam: “It's why she was there. It was part of the plan. To give you a Boner. And you've got one.”
But the Lord Nicolas Cage feared that future generations of people would be lost without a proper form of communication. And so, the Lord devised an Alphabet that Adam and Steve would teach to their offspring and they would teach to their offspring.
“Listen closely!” said the Lord. “For I shall bestow upon you the gift of Writing and Speech! Thou must use this great Alphabet for all your daily conversational needs!” And the Lord gave the alphabet. He said: “A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I, J, K, L, M, N, O, P, Q, R, S, T, U, V, W, X, Y, Z, ♫!” Since the letter ♫, or ♪ in lower case, is not used in the modern alphabet, it was pronounced as “Hah!” back then. After giving the alphabet, Nicolas Cage then said unto them, “That's all you have to do!”
Nicolas Cage, then tired and thirsty from his long day of creation, decided it was time to drink. And so, He climbed to the top of the nearest mountain and drank the dew at the top. After several long hours passed, the Lord then decided it was time to release the Holy Mountain Dew from the inside of His body. And so, Nicolas Cage, from his great Boner, released a glowing green liquid that was carbonated and sweet. Adam and Steve sat under their Lord's Boner and drank the sacred green juices that flowed from the Cage.
“What an immense achievement,” proclaimed Nicolas Cage with His great voice. “I hereby dub this liquid ♫liba♪ka!”
Adam and Steve rejoiced as they drank the ♫liba♪ka and all were joyous.


That is, of course, except for John Travolta. Travolta was incredibly jealous of Nicolas Cage's alphabet. Cage had found a way to create beautiful words with a beautiful sounding alphabet and a glorious language that would be spoken throughout the land. John Travolta's alphabet did not have any lower case letters and he grew envious of Cage's skill. Travolta's sinister alphabet was comprised of such horrible letters as §, ┴, ┬, ├, ↕, ┼, ╞, ¶,╟, ↔, ╔, ≡, ╦, ╠, ±, ╬, ╧, ■, ╤, ╥, ⌂, ╒, ╓, ╫, ╪, ☼. The names of these letters are so evil that nobody knows how they are pronounced.
As time grew on, Adam and Steve produced children. And Adam and Steve taught their children how to speak and write. And those children taught their children their Lord's great language. And as more and more people entered the universe, more and more people spoke and wrote the language of the great Nicolas Cage.
Travolta grew jealous of Cage's language. He stood upon his home planet of Mexico, yet his devilish sight could see across the globe as Cage's creations worked wondrously and perfectly, utilizing their Lord's language. In his dark land, he began hatching a plan to steal all the syllables in Cage's language and using them to benefit himself. As he thought of how to execute his devious plan, he decided it would be best to create a powerful and intelligent minion who would follow his every whim. And thus, he created the powerful Xenu.
Xenu was a hulking, gray, tentacled mass with two mouths on each side of his face, each lined with deadly sharp teeth. Above this, two red eyes glowing with demonic malice. He towered over the large stony crags that lined the evil Mexican landscape.
Xenu, knowing that Nicolas Cage was too powerful to fight alone, he decided that in order to follow upon his master's plan, he needed help. And thus, he decided to create a minion of his own. But Xenu's power was too weak to create out of the dry rocks of Mexico, so he decided to fly away from Mexico to another distant planet in the far reaches of the galaxy. The planet, known as Kenya, was lined with horrific craters filled with chemicals that could rip a normal person apart by just breathing in the fumes. It was on this planet where Xenu could create a horrible demon from the chemical-filled craters.
Xenu landed inside the brutal atmosphere where he walked to the vilest, darkest crater in all of Kenya. He reached deep into the crater and mixed the chemicals together. As he mixed, a black demon slowly arose from the sludge. His skin was so dark that it frightened even Lord Xenu. From his mouth and nose came a constant excretion of horrible smoke that would suffocate even the most powerful of men. Xenu knew that his new demon could lead an entire nation into chaos. And thus, he named the monstrosity Barack Hussein Obama.
Xenu commanded Obama in his slithering, malicious voice: “Go unto the Cagian mortals, and steal of them the language they utter and the script they etch. Without it, all shall be glorious chaos, and Travolta shall be pleased. Now, be off!”
Obama sailed all throughout the Great Galactic Oceans and landed upon Nicolas Cage's Holy Planet Earth, where all the Lord's people were speaking the language of Cage. As Obama walked through the capital city of Cage's empire, he slowly breathed out his toxic smoke from his lungs. The smoke itself was a thick black smog that contained a deadly chemical that caused people to fall into a deep sleep. As the people breathed in the smoke, they struggled to stay awake, and eventually they fell upon the ground, unable to keep their eyes open. Every step Obama took caused the green plants of the land to blacken and wilt.
And then, Barack Obama saw the Sacred Temple in the heart of the city, illuminating with the Lord Cage's blessed powers. And with one fatal exhalation, Obama knocked out all the guards and was easily able to enter the Sacred Temple. As he went deeper inside the Temple, he saw a light emanating out of a box. The box was constructed of the finest gossamer particles in the universe. Obama tried with all his might and power to open the box, but it was in vain. Obama decided to summon his master, Xenu, to assist him in opening the box. And thus, Xenu appeared unto Obama.
“Obama,” said the Dark Lord Xenu. “Why hast thou summoned my presence?”
“Master,” said Obama. “I am unable to open this box. I require thy great power to open it.”
And so, the Dark Lord Xenu cast a spell upon the box, making all the fine illuminating gossamer melt. As the box melted, it revealed the great Alphabet Scripture, which slowly unfolded itself before their eyes, revealing each individual powerful symbol. Once the entire Alphabet was laid out before the eyes of Xenu and Obama, Obama began to take the letters. He first ripped away the letter ♫. But before he could reach for the second letter, he was blinded by a bright light. As the light faded, Xenu and Obama saw a figure. Their eyes cleared, and they could see the Lord Nicolas Cage standing before them with a stern look upon his glorious face.
“What hubris lies within you?” bellowed the Lord. “You have harmed my people and attempted to destroy my creation! I hereby banish you to the planet of Area 51, where your souls shall rot and be painfully filled with bees every day!”
And as the two minions were taken off to Area 51, the people of the land rejoiced as Lord Nicolas Cage spoke before them.
“Do not fear, my children,” He said. “One letter has been stolen from our language, but we still have the rest of our letters to use. The sacred juice formerly known as ♫liba♪ka shall now be known simply as Mountain Dew. Instead of using the word '♫♪' to indicate laughter, we shall use the word 'Haha.' And on this day, in honor of the banishment of evil to Area 51, I hereby proclaim this day as Illumina Day!”
And all of Nicolas Cage's subjects celebrated with happiness and gratitude toward their benevolent Creator. 


John Travolta sat upon his dark throne on the desolate planet Mexico, as his Holy Quantum Twin, Nicolas Cage, lived in peace and harmony with his loyal subjects on Earth. Travolta's frustration grew even more when he learned of the failure of Xenu and Barack Obama to retrieve any letters of Nicolas Cage's Holy Alphabet, other than ♫, and their subsequent imprisonment on the horrific planet Area 51.
“What is this madness?” yelled the malevolent Travolta. “Cage must be destroyed!”
And so, John Travolta set off to Earth to confront Nicolas Cage. He appeared while Cage was drinking His afternoon Dew and inhaling the fragrant spices of His magical planet. Cage was at first surprised to see His brother, but soon understood why he had come.
“Brother,” said Cage unto Travolta. “You have come to ask me to free your two servants, have you not?”
“You must release them!” bellowed the horrible Travolta. “They are my children, and you have taken them from me!”
“Alas, brother, I cannot,” Cage said. “For though I have taken your children from you, your children tried to take mine away from me. And thus, your children shall remain imprisoned upon Area 51.”
Travolta's body went up in flames as he rose high in the sky in a fit of rage. As he ascended back to Mexico, he noticed a lone bee returning from a flower to its hive. As he watched over the bee, he was inspired by wickedness and a malicious idea began to form.
John Travolta followed the bee to its hive. As he approached the hive, he saw all the bees entering and exiting their homes, going about their daily labor for Nicolas Cage. He worked his way inside, where he saw the beautiful Queen Bee. As he gazed upon Her Majesty's bountiful breasts and her flowing yellow hair, stretching from her glorious face to her large, powerful stinger and her deep and holy Vagina, Travolta's Boner began to grow. He knew then that he must become her King.
“Why have you come, Travolta?” said the seductive Queen Bee unto John Travolta.
“I have come to ask you for your hand in marriage,” said Travolta, while trying to suppress his ever-growing Boner.
The Queen Bee simply laughed at Travolta.
“Why, Travolta, I bee most flattered at your offer,” said the Queen. “However, I simply cannot accept. I appreciate your interest and your Boner, but unfortunately, I already have a King.”
The Queen Bee called to the hive her King, a large bee named Jerry Seinfeld.
“What is up with Mountain Dew?” said King Seinfeld. “Seriously, what is up with that stuff?”
Travolta took one look at the King, and with just one all-powerful mind blast, Travolta transformed the King Bee into a mere human. The King of all Bees had simply become a man. The bee guards carried the newly transformed Jerry Seinfeld out of the hive and onto the ground.
The Queen Bee was most impressed at Travolta's expertise at bending the space-time continuum, however she was still cautious in accepting Travolta.
“Though your expertise at bending the space-time continuum amazes me, I bee still unable to accept you as my King. I need a bee to bee my consort.”
“So shall it bee,” said Travolta, as he began to transform himself into a bee.
The Queen Bee gazed upon Travolta's new form and rejoiced. She decided then that she was ready to accept Travolta's hand in marriage.
“Let it bee known throughout the Bee Kingdom that the bees now have a new King!” exclaimed the Queen in her great majesty. “And his name bee John Travolta!” She then looked upon John Travolta and said, “I bee now ready to accept your Boner.”
And so, John Travolta knew the Queen Bee. Unlike the benevolent Cage's glorious Boner, Travolta's Boner is filled with evil and temptation. And so, after knowing John Travolta, the Queen Bee became filled with his wicked intent. She no longer had the desire to command her workers for the Lord Nicolas Cage, but for her husband, John Travolta. And Her Majesty the Queen Bee said unto her worker bees, “Do not bee deceived by the false power of Nicolas Cage! You have been working for the wrong side! My subjects, bee fruitful and multiply. And bee sure to take down the Cage!”
And the bees all rejoiced and left the hive to wreak havoc upon the people of Nicolas Cage's Holy Kingdom. The bees invaded people's hearts and minds and caused them to deviate from the ways of Cage. The bee-infested people began to reject Mountain Dew, suppress the urges of their Boners, and some eventually deviated from the chosen Alphabet of Nicolas Cage. For example, the people of eastern Asia began to develop an odd system of writing comprised of odd lines that were incredibly confusing and difficult to read. Other writing systems were closer to the Holy Alphabet, but they were still all bee-infested in the eyes of the Cage.
And for the first time in the history of Nicolas Cage's world, death flourished. The birds in the image of the Cage's hair began to die. The flowers that had been filled with the bees' nectar wilted away and poisoned the ground. And the people who had consistently inhabited Cage's world for generations began to perish.
And John Travolta made it so that when a person passes away, his soul is sent to the planet Area 51, where the souls shall be tortured for all eternity. As the people died, their souls dropped to Area 51 and cried for the attention of their Lord.
When the Cage saw the devastation, He became very worried.
“If the people do not follow my word,” He said. “They will become infested with bees and die! What shall I do?”
And then, the Cage saw His first human child, Adam. He had become ill with bees and was lying on the ground.
“Adam, my child!” the Cage said. “What hath happened to you?”
“O, great Lord,” Adam said sickly. “The bees have overtaken me. I shall not have much time left. Lord Cage, you must save your children, or else we will all suffer in Area 51.”
And as Adam died in the Cage's arms, the Cage blessed him with a divine Kiss and promised him that he will be saved.
Nicolas Cage knew that the bees had become far too corrupted and were far too widespread for Him to stop them. Death would still continue to happen and there was nothing He could do to stop it. But He knew that He could save His followers from the torture of Area 51. And so, He held Adam's soul to his own, and absorbed it into His body. The soul flowed throughout His sacred bloodstream, all throughout His body, and finally, entered His glorious Boner, where it remained.
“Let it be known,” said the Lord Cage unto His followers. “That if you should follow my word, if you should use the Holy Alphabet, if you should eat thy cake and drink sweet Mountain Dew and give in to the urges of your Boners, then in the afterlife, I shall keep you safe in my embrace. I will accept you into a holy state of eternal bliss. In this state, your soul shall become part of my ever-expanding Boner. You shall experience never-ending ecstasy, as if every pleasure center in your body and mind were forever unlocked. This timeless state shall be called Mitt Romney.”
And to save their souls from rotting eternally in Area 51, the followers of the Cage threw themselves at His feet and prayed for Him to save them. And Nicolas Cage lovingly held each and every one of His children with His omnipresent arms.
And so the Lord said unto His followers, “My children, why is it so hard for you to understand that I just don't want you to get hurt? I shall attempt to hold back these bees from you, however, you must allow me into your souls so that I may help you. Do not reject me, or I will not be able to ease your suffering.”
As the Cage ended His speech, His followers rose from the ground willing to accept His never ending love.
But one of them said; “O Great Cage, if this is the case, should we destroy every bee we may come across?”
And He shook His head and said unto them. “The corrupted bees do not inhabit the physical world, but they remain inside your souls. The bees that we can see are not evil bees of Travolta, but they can easily be corrupted, which is why we may see a decline in the physical bee population some time in the future. But do not worry, as we can prevent these bees from falling prey to evil. We must join together to unite against Travolta so that the good bees do not become corrupted.”



And so it was that nearly all of humanity was condensed inside the walls of the great capital city of Cage's empire, the City of Angels. There was some suffering, but Cage was able to mitigate it in His city and grant people glorious Boners. There was Death, but the faithful were not afraid of it, for they found solace in knowing that they would pass on into Mitt Romney when their Souls departed from their Bodies. And so, the people of the City of Angels were at peace and at the hands of their benevolent Lord.
But as with all great Civilizations, the City of Angels was destined to fall. A small amount of people lived elsewhere in the world. Long ago, their ancestors had left the City of Angels to seek knowledge about the rest of the great World that their Lord had devised. Once they had settled, they created their own civilizations outside the Cage's Empire. These people had long forgotten the ways of the Cage. The bees that they had acquired had overtaken their souls and caused them to deviate away from the Alphabet. They oppressed the urges of their Boners and ceased to drink their Mountain Dew. Their lives were miserable, and yet, throughout all odds, they pressed on. Such is the Spirit of Humanity that Cage granted to all, and cannot be taken away.
And so, a small group of outsiders with feathered headdresses and animal-skinned clothes came across a land bridge to the Great Frozen North. After many years and a lengthy journey south, the outsiders had spread all across the Great Land. And soon, a band of the outsiders came across the City of Angels. Not knowing the significance of the sight, they moved into the outskirts, finding citizens of the Cage. Alas, their years of time apart from His Alphabet rendered them unable to communicate, and the people of the City could not send nor receive messages from the outsiders.
They wandered further and further into the City of Angels, until they came to a Cake emporium. There, their eyes widened, and they threatened and shoved aside the shopkeeper and the patrons. The outsiders, hungry and desperate, feasted upon the delicacies with abandon. Pastry carnage filled the establishment, and the citizens let out a cry. The wailing reached the Great Vampire's ears almost immediately, and He arrived on the scene.
“Stop!” He said to the outsiders, “It seems you have a tendency to overreact! My people require delicious nourishment as well, please, just settle down while we prepare a banquet to welcome you!”
The outsiders did not heed His Holy Words, as they could not comprehend the language, and continued ravaging the desserts. Cage sighed, and caught sight of the weapons they had brought with them. Realizing the conundrum, Cage turned and spoke to His people.
“Followers, friends, brothers and sisters,” Cage began, “These people cannot receive my Word, nor will they obey. These outsiders will take what they wish, and if there is retaliation, they will attack. I shall not destroy them, for they know not what they do. Instead, you all must take to the four winds, and spread across the world. Settle, travel, and explore, and never let your curiosity die. I grant you my blessing: you shall not be harmed by the weapons of the outsiders, nor shall you find danger in your travels. Now go, and do not harm these starving innocents. Our time has yet to come, one day we shall return to this City of Angels, but as for now, leave it be. Come along, citizens!”
And so, the people of the City went to their homes, and packed. They took their belongings, His Holy Alphabet, their faith, and their family, and went to the harbor and the outskirts. The citizens rode on boats, animals, and on foot, and spread across the earth. And as they traveled, they sang a hymn praising His name. And everywhere the travelers went, the lyrics were heard:


“All rise! All awaken for our great Lord Nic Cage!
And praise His name and people throughout the coming age!
Oh Cage, above in Romney, we give our hearts to thee
Our faith shall never fall, for with you, our souls are free


Obama, he shall run away
And Xenu, he shall soon be slain
Our Lord above shall hear our call
And chase away them all.
Travolta, run and hide in fear
Your evil has no power here
The dawn shall break thine evil rage
So praise Lord Nic'las Cage!”


And so, the travelers settled the world and explored every inch of Cage's creations. Generations passed, and the people of these new lands developed different cultures, different looks, different ways of life, and different ways of worshiping Nicolas Cage. After many centuries and countless generations, many of these people in the new lands forgot the Cage altogether. They had become content with the ways of life they had developed and felt no need for Him anymore. After some time had passed, some peoples began to believe in different gods, disregarding Cage completely. Falling prey to the Travolta, these people were unfortunate souls, lost in the world without their Lord to guide them. They became infested with bees, and fought amongst themselves over minuscule, unimportant things. This bloodshed pleased the evil one, and filled Area 51 with unwitting innocents. The world had fallen from its once bright and wonderful position.
Travolta was active in such dark times, and for his charge he chose a small tribe in Egypt. He came to them, announcing himself as their leader, and promised them bloody glory. After assuming control, he sent devilish curses and plagues against Egypt, weakening them so that they were vulnerable to the tribe. After a short and bloody coup, the Pharaoh was overthrown, and the small tribe enslaved all of Egypt. Soon, all knew and feared the name of the Israelites.
Pharaoh Ramses II, after a long period of tyranny under the Travolta, decided that the true Egyptians must take back what's theirs. Pockets of rebellion began to form, unknown to the Israelites, and soon organized into a full-scale rebellion. They gathered weaponry and militia members in secret, until the day that they were ready to gain their freedom. The Egyptians ran, from the fields that they were forced to work with, past the pyramids that their labor built, and towards the palace where the Israelites made their home. Unfortunately, the power of evil was on the side of Travolta, and the weapons of the Egyptians were useless against their overlords. They were driven out of the palace, and soon had their backs pressed against the pyramids, trapped.
When all hope seemed lost, a figure shrouded in burial wrapping emerged from the pyramid behind the Egyptians. They started at the sight, believing it to be an ancestral Pharaoh awoken by the sounds of battle. A single rebel shouted “Who are you? WHAT are you?” at the approaching form, and at that, the mummy tore off its wrappings. Underneath was none other than Nicolas Cage, who yelled “I'm a vampire! I'm a vampire!”
Cage then blessed the weapons of the rebels, allowing them to fight back against the Israelites. Soon, with their Lord leading them, Travolta and his minions were easily pushed back to the throne room, where the two faced off.
“Just so you know, I will be kicking your ass today!” Nicolas Cage said.
“Will you just watch the hair?” John Travolta asked.
“Never!” Cage bellowed. “Your people have enslaved the good Egyptians and brought your bees upon the world.”
And John Travolta laughed a maniacal laugh. Loud peals of sinister laughter echoed all throughout Egypt, as Travolta called upon his wife, the Queen Bee. Travolta rose up and transformed into a massive bee, as the evil bees that inhabited the souls of the Israelites came out and swarmed the terrified Egyptians.
“Oh, Great Vampire!” cried a young Egyptian named Tutankhamen. “What will you do?”
“What do you think I'm gonna do?” Nicolas Cage said unto young Tutankhamen. “I'm gonna save the fuckin' day.”
And so, Nicolas Cage rose up into the air, His eyes aflame. His hair spread its wings and cawed a loud sound. “Raaa! Raaa! Raaa!”
The Egyptians looked on in amazement as they saw the Great Vampire's hair. They had never known where birds had come from, but they now understood that Cage's hair had provided the image that He used in creating the winged beasts. The Egyptians decided to follow behind Cage and His hair, which they have since called Ra.
Travolta and the Israelites were no match for the Vampire and His great army. Ra's eyes sent beams of light down to freeze the Israelites in their paths, and the Cage commanded His massive army to take back what's theirs.
And Ramses said unto the Egyptians, “It is now time we shall take back what is ours!”
And so it was that John Travolta and the tribe of Israelites were driven out of Egypt. Travolta promised the Hebrews that they would reach the Promised Land soon enough. Just as Nicolas Cage had driven them to the Western edge of the Red Sea, he parted the waters, and the Israelites crossed the sea and entered a new land, which they dubbed Israel. Unbeknownst to the Israelites, however, was the fact that this land was already inhabited. And so began the slaughter of Canaanites. From the edge of Egypt, through Jericho, and beyond, the Israelites soon swept the land and suffered none to live, under the orders of Travolta. The Hebrew tribe now had a home, which was only for them and for none other.


Many centuries passed in the Kingdom of Israel. In a small town south of Jerusalem there lived a young couple, recently married. Joseph and his wife, Mary lived a very quiet life. The couple had never known each other, and Mary was left feeling unsatisfied by her partner. Joseph had not felt yet ready to know his wife, and he believed it was best to wait for a few years to know her.
Mary, however, very much wished to know her handsome husband. She had been waiting for several months to know him, and now that they were married, it seemed a perfect time to know. But Mary was often left wanting more.
And so, Nicolas Cage, looking down upon Mary, sensed how unhappy she was and wished to give unto her a suitable Boner that would satisfy her urges. And Nicolas Cage decided it was time to create yet another man who would bring satisfaction to women who desire Boners, but do not have them in their lives. And so, the Great Vampire, who had not created a person in many millennia, mustered a divine amount of strength and created a man with a superhuman Boner. He intended to create a divine Immortal who would bring satisfaction everywhere he went, without having to produce offspring. However, just as Cage was putting the finishing touches on the man's Boner and undying heart, He sensed something amiss. It was His Great Enemy, attempting to free his minion Obama from the dark world of Area 51! Knowing the amount of chaos this would cause in the world, Cage rushed to stop Travolta's malevolent actions.
In the Cage's absence, the man woke up, and seeing nobody around, decided to name himself.
“I am a free man... so I shall call myself... Morgan Freeman!” he exclaimed. He felt an unseen force propelling him, so he began to follow it. His wanderings led him to a beauteous woman, and then he knew why he felt that force: his purpose was to satisfy her. Mary and Morgan Freeman made their way to a barn nearby where no-one would witness their acts, and then knew each other upon a stray haybale.
Because of his unfinished nature, Morgan Freeman was not immortal, nor was he sterile. He could produce children, and while he would live an incredibly long life, his time would end eventually. And so, Morgan Freeman knew Mary. And as he was knowing her, an idea formed in his mind. He decided that he would no longer simply roam the world to know people, but he decided that he would be a trickster and inspire laughter.
And Morgan Freeman said unto Mary, “I am God. The child that you produce from knowing me shall be my one and only son. Take care of him, sweet Virgin Mary.” And Morgan kissed her on the lips as he walked out the door.


After many years, Morgan Freeman's son grew up to be a fine young gentleman. Mary and Joseph named the child Jesus, after Joseph's great-grandfather. Jesus Christ worked as a carpenter in the city of Nazareth. Jesus was a quiet young man, and he never spoke much. One day, his father decided to play a trick on the villagers in Nazareth. He became invisible, and walked up behind Jesus. And using the powers he inherited from the Cage, he began to make Jesus talk.
And Morgan made Jesus say, “Ye have heard that it hath been said, Thou shalt love thy neighbour, and hate thine enemy. But I say unto you, Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you, and persecute you.”
Over the years, the villagers began to believe Jesus to be a wise prophet. Freeman followed his son around, and made him perform miracles, such as bringing people back from the dead and feeding a large amount of people, simply with a fish and two loaves of bread. The attention this brought him, however, was not altogether positive. The Pharisees and the Roman courts found Morgan Freeman's wisdom to be blasphemous, and the miracles that Jesus appeared to be performing were heresy. They sentenced Jesus to crucifixion, to the dismay of Morgan Freeman, who had been having fun with the ordeal. Morgan did not interfere with the execution, but decided to use Jesus for one last trick. He stole Jesus' body from the burial ground, and using his Cage-given powers, brought him back to life. After nursing him back to health, he showed the resurrected man to all of Jesus' followers and friends. When he sensed the time was right, Morgan threw Jesus up into the air, and caused him to ascend into space, where he froze to death in the upper atmosphere, and then entered into orbit.
And as Jesus' followers saw him ascending up into the sky, they cried, for they realized what a horrible mistake it was to allow his death. And so, they began to preach of Jesus all throughout the land. The word of Jesus' life was brought all about the world, with the promise that one day, he would return.


And Morgan Freeman laughed.
